Bring README.md up to date (#86)
withastro/action: README.md

- `path` - Optional: the root location of your Astro project inside the repository.
- `node-version` - Optional: the specific version of Node that should be used to build your site. Defaults to `22`.

> - `package-manager` - Optional: the Node package manager that should be used to install dependencies and build your site. Automatically detected based on your lockfile. Accepted values: `npm`, `yarn`, `pnpm`, `bun`, and `deno`. A version tag is also accepted, for example `npm@22.21.1`, `pnpm@10`, `bun@latest`, or `deno@v2.x`. If not provided, version will default to `latest`.

Reviewer: I think the npm version here was already incorrect — the latest release of npm is 11.6.2 but I suspect this got confused with Node versions at some point:
```suggestion
- `package-manager` - Optional: the Node package manager that should be used to install dependencies and build your site. Automatically detected based on your lockfile. Accepted values: `npm`, `yarn`, `pnpm`, `bun`, and `deno`. A version tag is also accepted, for example `npm@11.6.2`, `pnpm@10`, `bun@latest`, or `deno@v2.x`. If not provided, version will default to `latest`.
```
